hello everybody this is Shane way again
now to give you a list of everything
that's gone wrong with me um
from childhood I had a bad right I which
is this I and blinks out of sequence
with the left eye sometimes and my
vision is 2200 I'm from our writer
that means I see clearly out of this I
but not out of this huh everything
starts getting worried after so much
distance but I still somehow haven't
lost vision in my left eye you can still
see something cause normally your lose
vision in both eyes you lose vision in
one
so that's my first problem my second
problem is I went headfirst into a
windshield when 16 and cracked my skull
from here to here I guess I got
I fame but here where I probably did
something with the c1 and
my t1 is like this but that thing I'm
only 5 foot 8 225 pounds so my thickness
there shouldn't be Thank normal um and I
also have him in a lot facet at the c3
which mysteriously cleared up now I
don't mean there wasn't damaged still
there that was invisible to the naked
eye on an x-ray that could be why I have
memory problems and sleep problems while
in the military to start out with all
right then I was diagnosed with first
illusionary disordered Randy it's tight
then paranoid schizophrenia them
bipolarism which
I went through that phase I can also be
diagnosed with post-traumatic stress
disorder also with multiple multiple
personality disorder um because I can
change my voice around and at the same
time I fell three stories broke my ankle
with a grade three sprain on it have
arthritis in it also my pelvis was
pushed up a centimeter and from a
three-story fall so that means it was
pushed up into my sacrum area that means
a part of it let's say the pelvis was
here a part of it broke off vertically
and was pushed up into the sacrum area
or the spinal cord area now that's what
I'm fighting
every day I try to do something to show
I'm doing my best and keep trying my
best now some of the is under the
paranoid schizophrenia some of it is
under the bipolarism and some of it is
under delusionary disorder grandiose
tight all these three things i was
diagnosed while i was in the military
i'm a problem with the VA is the v8 I've
want to play me right they want to screw
me out of two years or two years four
months of back pay and that's why I'm
doing these videos trying to show my
problems and that i'm still trying to do
my best but I'm still falling short i'm
still having problems i'm still not able
to do everything I need to do during the
day I've got I hear voices in my head
things of that nature though i discerned
the voices I was taught that in the
Bible it says that you take every
thought into captivity to the obedience
of Christ and that's what I do if I have
a thought or something tries to tell me
to do something I know it's wrong I
don't listen to it now that's what I'm
dealing with so that's just for Marco
and people like that who want to be
negative in my life and not positive
whereas I'm trying to be positive in his
life he wants to be negative in mine and
act like his problem is worse than mine
where they're probably the same
or should be the same or that God helped
me out and not him out and so he's mad
with God in the world for his decisions
the he made now I'm not angry with
anyone except for the manipulators who
manipulate things and that like they're
not manipulating things that's the
people i'm mad at but i'm mad at them in
a godly way in a way that i'm trying to
help them to better themselves and
become better people anyway that's what
I'm dealing with what are you dealing
with in your life that you think you
have the right to come to my page and
attack me like we're bizim buddies or
something like we should be enemies or
something but we're people like you who
needs enemies you're the worst enemies
you want to be and that's the whole
point you're doing this because you can
be this way you're being a horse's ass
because you are choosing to be a horse's
ass now that's your choice and if you
want to be one more power to you but
you're going to have to deal with my
love with not truth and with what I've
been through and you can't handle it ken
that's your problem